The CFEC Online Renewal Application (LEON) has been running and active since 11/21/08, but I haven't kept very good recods of changes and updates.

History.
The app began as a pure Javascript client (ExtJS) with java beans on the server being accessed thru an ajax technology called DWR. An upgrade was
performed with ExtJS 2.x offering gui enhancements, also switch to hibernate at that time. A rewrite was done in year 2 to include the GWT
technology as it's base and using the new GXT library widget, which became version 2.0.0 in Novemeber of 2009.

Logging.
Both server and client logging are enabled in LEON, and are recorded in a rotating log file maintained on PO and accessed via NFS on all of
the application servers. The particular directory for LEON is /webapps/logs/Leon20xx and the daily filename is called leon.out. Daily versions
of this log file are appended with date and saved in the same directory.

Administration.
There is a built in admin screen with various functionality for displaying and editing LEON records. Accessing this functionality requires
an initial code in lieu of the CFECID, then a username and password.

Versioning.
Version numbers are simple. Major release, feature update and minor bug fixes make up the first three sets of numbers, then append the current
month and day and finally the year. The version number is maintained in the HeaderText class.

Development Sandbox.
The same principle of deployment applies here as well. I don't have branches of the application, but changes to be tested first are simply
deployed to a different server using a different name (LeonDEV). Here I can test functionality live before rolling a new version. Also,
with GWT 2.x, the ability to run applications in a development mode via the localhost is a great way to test and debug as well.

TODO.
1. Want to give admin functionality to re-print the customer receipt printout that is automatically generated when a new record is created. This
printout is generated on a seperate machine by a SAS process, then sent to a Novell print queue. The records, a PDF file named by confirmation 
number, are maintained locally on that machine which I do not yet have access to.
2. Reports menu. Would also like to include a reports button in the admin screen with various reports available to build dynamically by either 
passing variables are canned. These could then be downloaded as PDF's or Excel/CSV files.
3. Clean up user screens. Much has changed in this requard over the evolution of the app, but user experience (outside of gross errors) still
dominate credibility and willingness to come back. A continuing effort to reduce clutter without losing information, make screens cleaner and 
more visually conducsive to household computers (resolution issues), easy to find and logical navigation and clarity/brevity of text always 
needs to be considered. A complicated and form-driven process that ultimately appears to be easy and simple is the goal.
4. Automatic credit card processing. Currently, billing information is taken, recorded and then later processed by a licensing agent. We do have the 
ability to automate that portion of the process.
5. Automatic entry of IEP's and new Vessels. This way, the licensing agent simply has to renew the new permit or vessel, and not actually enter it first.
6. Fat client. A swing client that mimicks current administative functionality with added feature sets. I see this as a transition into a new licensing
application.
7. Logging the select/unselect changes in permit renewal and intent to fish. Sounds simple, but still needs some work. When the renweal box is selected 
for a permit, the intent is NOT automatically checked. However, it is automcatically un-checked when the renewal box is un-selected. Vice-versa for 
intents. This has created a problem in logging that I need to work out. Currently, logging could suggest that a permit is selected when it really 
isn't. It's more complicated then it sounds.
8. Add the GWT History stack and assign name tokens for all of the pages so browser history will work.
9. Add distinct logging for Agent vs. Permit Holder actions.

Future plans?
1. Thought about adding a CFEC news ticker to the initial screen that would margue relevant CFEC news and updates. Would be pretty easy, could even
include rss feeds from other agencies. The framework for the container is already stubed in, but commeted out.
2. Push site into more of a portal where online management is a piece, but could include news/rss, forums, blogs, canned and custom reports, etc.

Version History. 

Version 2.3.1.0301.2010 - Current
Changes include logging on form download request, collapsable content panels in the Address and Billing screens and a more regimented login
requirement for access to the Forms screen (must be a valid CFECID number, even if they have not participated in LEON). Changed the regular 
expression validator for Years and Months of Alaska residency to NOT allow someone to enter 0 for years. Years are now 1 - 99, Months are 0 -11.
Changed the link to Public Lookups from /publook to /plook. Added GWT code splits to the new Permit and Vessel buttons, as well as the edit
Vessel grid selection. Added RPC for session monitoring. If there is any time of in-activity that meets or exceeds 20 minutes, the application is
automatically reset. Added an activity monitor progress bar to the southwestern region of the status bar. Fixed a coding error for fieldset headers
and main login buttons. Updates some instruction text. Some minor cleanup, I.E. CSS fix, cosolidation and performance tuning.